# GamingForum.to-Tutorial


All In One Cracking Guide - Cracking Accounts ● How to use SentryMBA(Basics) ● How to use STORM(Basics)[Updated]● How to use SNIPR(Basics)[Updated]● How to use OpenBullet(Basics)[New]● Cracking Spotify Accounts ● Cracking WWE Accounts ● Cracking Netflix Accounts ● Cracking Mail Access Accounts ● Cracking Steam Accounts ● Cracking uPlay Accounts ● Cracking Origin Accounts ● Cracking NordVPN Accounts ● Cracking Minecraft Accounts ● Cracking GTA V(Social Club) Accounts ● Cracking Mega.nz Accounts(Cloud) ● Cracking Fortnite Accounts ● How to Generate Netflix Gift Cards[New]● Keep cracked accounts for life[New]● How to Upgrade your own Spotify account[New]● Cracking Resources(Tools etc.) ● Cracking Configs[New and Improved]- Gathering Proxies ● Usage of Proxy Scrapers ● Tools to grab and check Proxies ● Proxy Sources ● Websites to buy HQ Proxies - Hashes[New]● What is a Hash ?● Different types of hashes ● Find type of a certain hash ● Best way to 'decrypt' a single hash ● How to 'unhash' whole combos - Get your(own) combos ● SQLi Dumper ● Dorks[improved] Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 - Update 3 - → What are Dorks and for what we use them → Where to get dorks → How to create dorks using a dork generator → How to handwrite dorks ● (Pastebin) Slayer Leecher(not recommended) - Keep yourself safe ● Hide your identity ● Usage of a VPN + Possible IP Leaks ● Special Privacy Browsers ● Viruses and Files Handling ● File Encryption + File Deletion ● Usage of Sandboxie and VMs ● Usage of TOR ● Account Safety - Making Profit out of cracking ● How to sell your accounts ● Link Monetization ● Avoid getting scammed Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 - Update 3 - Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 - Update 3 - E - Book Terms of Service As I spent much time writing this eBook, and I could've done other things in this time I have some terms when you read this eBook. 1. You may not leak or resell this eBook 2. You may not claim you are the owner / author of this eBook 3. You may not give thisب eBook to others without my permission – We can talk about a discount – Or you may even get a copy for free – But please respect my work and time I spent 4. I am not responsible for any things you do with the following methods – The eBook was made for educational purposes and should not encourage anyone to do illegal things 5. I may update the eBook – add things to it – but I am not forced to – Most likely I will update it though. 6. If the eBook gets leaked – and you bought it you may not create a scam report – remember I add things – leaked version wont have then. 7. Have fun reading and learning! Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 -Update 3- Introduction Cracking and Hacking. 2 nice things, some people do it for money, some people for fun, some people for themselves. There are many nice things you can do in the internet. In this eBook you gonna learn a few things about Cracking, keeping yourself safe, how you get nice stuff and how you make money. Cracking Accounts Cracking is illegal – This tutorial is for educational purposes. If you do any of the things, you should always use an no-log VPN. More in the 'Keep yourself safe' section - Disclaimer - Cracking FAQ • What is a combo? A combo is a list of hacked logins. Mostly email:pass, but also user:pass – We use them to check for working accounts on different websites. • Why do we need proxies? We need proxies because the site we try to crack accounts from blocks our IP if we try to login multiple times with the same IP as security feature. • Why do we have to use VPN? For your own security. You don't want the cops at your door or retards doxing you.• Is cracking really that easy ? I guess, if I manage to do it, it is.Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 - Update 3 - Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 - Update 3 - - How to use SentryMBA(Basics) Im gonna show you how to use SentryMBA with WWE as an example.You gonna learn now – how to crack accounts of your choice easily – how to load Wordlists and Proxylists in Sentry MBA, and how to use progression and History.Things you need: • A combolist(Email: Pass or User: Pass – depending on website you crack) • Aconfig(snapshot) • Proxies(Depending on website you crack) First of all you have to chose your Sentry Version.I use a modded Sentry(v.1.4.1 by The Old Warrior) – search one that looks fine for you and you're good to go. Then let's startup Sentry – when not on RDP and cracking proxyless – like always enable VPN! Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 - Update 3 - When started your Sentry should look like that: First of all we gonna load our config.Make sure your config is up to date and working.For this we click on Load Settings from Snap Shot.Chose your ini File and go.Then after the config is loaded, we go to Proxy Settings and check if our config needs proxies.If 'Do not use proxies' is selected, we know our config doesnt need proxies.If it's not selected – next thing we gonna do is load our proxies. For this we go to Lists Tab → Proxy List Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 -Update 3- There we are going to load our proxies Press the folder and then choose the proxy type you got a list for. Now choose your proxies txt file. When the proxies are loaded – next thing we going to do is adding our combolist. For this we go to Lists Tab → Wordlist Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 -Update 3- When there, click the folder icon next to the wordlist panel and choose your combo file. Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 -Update 3- When the combolist is added, we head over to History Settings – As for example the WWE config we want our keys to be instant saved in history so we can export the hits easily with a filter later. First of all we check 'Update History Frame in Realtime' Then we are going to make our own Save Filter. Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 -Update 3- I personally use <COMBO> | <KEYS> for WWE as I can easily remove the non sub accounts later. There are those variables available: <PROTO> <COMBO> - The hit combo <SITE> - Site your cracking – pretty useless <KEYS> - Keys captured – most likely your capture <COOKIE> - Cookie captured When this stuff is done – We finally head over to progression and can start the bruteforce engine. Choose the bots depending on the config and website. Usually people add how many bots you should use when they post a config. Progression when cracking Accounts Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 -Update 3- If you are done with checking we head over to History. There you can see all the hits. We gonna save our hits with our filter by pressing the disk icon and choosing our filter. When saved you can regex the hits file however you want e.g. removing no-sub hits. Example WWE Hits: .*None.*\r?\n Replace All with Notepad++ → All non sub hits removed Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 -Update 3- - How to use STORM (Basics) Video Tutorial Link: https://streamable.com/3lgv2 Im gonna show you how to use STORM productive. You gonna learn now – how to crack accounts of your choice easily – how to use STORM in a proper way and how to not use it (Based on my experience) Things you need: • A combolist (Email:Pass or User:Pass – depending on website you crack) • Aconfig • Proxies (Depending on website you crack) First of all you have to download STORM. You can do that at stormapp.org After downloading – put all config files you got in the Configurations folder, when done let's startup STORM.Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 - Update 3 - When started, your STORM should look like this Config Dropdown Menu Now STORM is really easy to use.First of all – select your config in the dropdown menu and set the threads and list position you want. - There are 2 types of STORM configs, normal(ini) and encrypted ones(sccfg) The difference is – non encrypted configs can be edited – encrypted ones not.Then load the combo you need.Depending on the website you crack – also load proxies. - STORM can run with 3 types of proxies at once Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 - Update 3 - You can load HTTP, Socks5, Socks4 proxies very easy.You can also set(If not set by config) or edit the time for STORM to wait after all proxies are banned to unban them again – and continue checking.When done – switch back to Main Tab and start cracking – that's all! And that easy – thanks to STORM. Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 -Update 3- Picture: STORM when cracking, you're able to see the combo line which is getting checked and if it is valid or not.Picture: Stats, you can see the Hits and Capture of the Hits in STORM, very cool, very nice design.How to use SNIPR(Basics) Video Tutorial Link: https://streamable.com/movi6 SNIPR is a Account Cracking Tool, which looks really good. The price for it is currently $20 and you can autobuy it at info.snipr.gg where you can download it too. It got cracked, however I advise you, use the paid version. Because the Cracked version is Ratted SNIPR includes: - Many official built in configs - Many community submitted configs - Email Checker with Keywords – Very good – way better than All in one Checker - Inbuilt Proxy Scraper and Checker - Inbuilt combo tools Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 -Update 3- Picture: SNIPR Start Screen – Cracking Config Selection Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 -Update 3- In the picture you can see there are green and blue configs. The difference between those 2 are proxies. Green configs = PROXYLESS Blue configs = Proxies are requiered So if you wanna start cracking accounts, first of all you have to choose what you want to crack by clicking on the config name. When done you have to go to the your proxies if required. Picture: Load proxies Picture: Load Combo and start cracking When you loaded your proxies and combo, started cracking you are going to see your hits like this: Also you can see the progress and the stats of your cracking session: Picture: Cracking Fitbit and Grammarly Accounts with SNIPR When you are done cracking or wanna stop you have to save your hits by pressing the save button. If you wanna start scraping proxies with SNIPR you go to the Proxies leecher Tab and click the Search Button in the right Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 -Update 3- corner. It will start scraping proxies from the inbuilt sources or the sources you provided in the sources file. When done you can save the results, reload the proxy tab and check them by pressing the play button. How to use OpenBullet (Basics) Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 -Update 3- OpenBullet OB is the most advanced and easy to use cracking tool out there Things you need: • A combolist (Email:Pass or User:Pass – depending on website you crack) • Aconfig • Proxies (Depending on website you crack) First you’ll need to download OpenBullet From Here Or you could download this Modded Version By Forlax Here (I personally use this one) When you open OB this is its start screen Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 -Update 3- First you go the the folder and go to configs and put all the configs in Configs Folder Then you You go to Wordlists and add your combos there Click on Add then click on that little folder and choose the combo from your computer Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 -Update 3- Then Add Proxies To do that .. Press Proxies→Import→You choose HTTP→Then accept You’ll have to do the same process with Socks4 And Sock5 Proxies .. Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 -Update 3- Or if you want to use your own proxies from your computer you could locate them and choose type then accept You go back to Bruteforcer and could press New and add as many configs running as the same time as you want I’ll be doing 3 Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 -Update 3- Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 -Update 3- To so the process just click on that empty space near Start Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 -Update 3- Now you can see your hits and copy them to wherever you want If you want to go back to the all the running configs .. click on that little (+) Next to Bruteforcer The best and tool to crack spotify is Spectrum Spotify X LINK Spotify cracking is proxyless and you could use up to 1000 Threads. You can also use STORM or OpenBullet. But spectrum is the Best It’s Fast AF and saves hits in 4 text files Family Owner Family member Premium Studen Free Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 -Update 3- - Crack Spotify Accounts Look at the speed 19K CPM. But it could go up to 24K CPM Crack WWE Accounts Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 -Update 3- Video Tutorial Link: https://streamable.com/x3hiy Cracking WWE Accounts is a easy thing, as it's proxyless and easy to do. You can use Sentry or STORM for it, both tools work very good. However if you want an advanced capture config, you rather pick STORM as there is a very nice public config for it. Picture: STORM WWE Hits File Combo type needed: EMAIL:PASS Tools you can use: SentryMBA, STORM, SNIPR Proxies needed: NO - Crack Netflix Accounts Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 -Update 3- Now cracking Netflix Accounts is a bit more complicated – As Netflix got a silent ban system. You can crack accounts with normal combolists – and you gonna get nice accounts – you can use for 3 days. - Netflix requires very HQ proxies, it rips your proxies very fast, I recommend fineproxies This happens because Netflix gots an Silent Ban System. If Netflix notices theres an suspicous IP accessing the account – The owner gets messaged, and changes his password. As we don't want that, we just gonna use Mail Access Lists to crack Netflix accounts. There are 2 advantages: • You get hits, and can access the account after silent ban • You can check for accounts which exist, but got wrong login details, and can do a password recover To get Mail Access combos – Also good ones for Netflix Checking – we gonna use All In One Checker – but we gonna come to that later. Combo type needed: EMAIL:PASS Tools you can use: SentryMBA, STORM, Custom Netflix Checker Proxies needed: YES, HQ Proxies - Crack Mail Access Accounts Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 -Update 3- Video Tutorial Link: https://streamable.com/nicfv For cracking Mail Access accounts there are 2 main tools people use: - All In One Checker (cracked – free) - SNIPR (recommended) - Mail Stalker – paid – seems to be outdated and discontinued though. I personally use SNIPR now – but I used to work with All in one Checker – it sometimes gives you fake KEYWORD hits – many people had this issue – but it never gave me wrong mail access accounts – All were always working. For All In One Checker – we dont want to use email addresses from providers with much security. For example we don't want to check a Hotmail combo. Few Email Providers good to check: – free.fr gmx.de – t-online.de alicedsl.fr Few Email Providers not good to check: – Hotmail – Gmail – not many hits – yandex.ru – Captcha Block freenet.de Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 -Update 3- Picture: All-in-One Checker working.. So, also a nice feature those 2 tools got – You can check for keywords. For example lets say you want email accounts from a person playing GTA V. We gonna add @rockstargames.com to our keywords. So it checks the email box for rockstargames emails and it creates a file with those. You can also check with multiple keywords. Here you see the keywords I use: steampowered.com;bitcoin;mojang;minecraft.net;realitykings.com;bangbros;mofos;nordvpn.com;hidemya ss.com;mega.nz;dropbox.com;paypal.com;instagram;facebook.com;aimware.net;x22cheats;skeet.cc;crackin gking.com;cracking.org;crunchyroll;amazon;ebay.com;steamcommunity.com;steampowered.com;coinpot;b lockchain.com;netflix;spotify;expressvpn;selly.gg;hackforums.net;roblox;hypixel;origin;ea.com;dogecoin;eth ereum;rockstargames.com;fortnite;epicgames;brazzers;reddit.com Feel free to just copy and paste them into your keywords field – and you're good to go! Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 -Update 3- Also, like I already said, you can use those hits for other checkers – For example netflix. Combo type needed: EMAIL:PASS – Obviously Tools you can use: SNIPR, All in one Checker, MailStalker Proxies needed: Most likely NO - Crack Steam Accounts Cracking Steam Accounts was the first thing I was interested in. You can get pretty nice accounts with games like CS:GO etc. as many people STILL dont use Mail Guard – also you can get lowdig accounts – worth money too. – Steam requires HQ proxies, you can use public ones too but cracking is very slow then, I recommend fineproxies. Picture: Steam Account Checker by X-Slayer working I advise you to use the Steam Account Checker by X-Slayer, as it is the best available tool, and got a nice capture and it automatically converts email:pass to user:pass. For cracking steam accounts you need good proxies – otherwise you gonna check slow af, and have to deal with it, like I did. When you got your steam hits, there are some private tips from my side: 1. Always remember, if you change any details on steam, the owner gets messaged and can lock the accounts = You can't trade, play on VAC secured servers etc. 2. Check if the email linked to the account exists, if yes try to access it, if not feel free to change any details 3. If the email exists, make someway sure the owner does not use the account anymore – so he won't lock the steam account 4. Depending on the account purchase history and email verified etc. you can change the email if: ◦ Purchases were not made with card (You need to provide last 4 digits of the card) ◦ Email is not verified You could also check steam with Mail Access combos, to login to accounts with Mail Guard → Steam Checker by X-Slayer automatically converts the email:pass to user:pass (removes the email domain) Combo type needed: USER:PASS Tools you can use: Steam Account Checker by X-Slayer, Steam API Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 -Update 3- Bruteforce by Mr. ViPeR Proxies needed: YES, I suggest fast ones. Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 -Update 3- - Crack uPlay Accounts Video Tutorial Link: https://streamable.com/1desl You dont got HQ proxies – but you still want games? Well this gonna be nice for you, because you can crack uPlay proxyless! Here you can see a uplay STORM Hits file. You see if the account has 2FA enabled – the games the account has and what platform the games usually are played on. Very nice hits file – clean and useful. Cracking uPlay works fast, even with Capture, I advise you to use STORM, works pretty decent. Combo type needed: EMAIL:PASS Tools you can use: STORM, uPlay Checkers Proxies needed: NO Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 -Update 3- - Crack Origin Accounts Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 -Update 3- Video Tutorial Link: https://streamable.com/cetqd Origin, got many cool games like Battlefield, Sims, whatever. STORM CONFIG will be in the configs pack Origin got Security Questions. I always used the checker by X-Slayer and it was pretty decent working. Picture: Origin Checker by X-Slayer Combo type needed: EMAIL:PASS Tools you can use: STORM, Origin Checker by X-Slayer Proxies needed: YES - Crack NordVPN Accounts You’ll need • Onyx NORDVPN checker link is here • Combo Email/User:pass • Proxies Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 -Update 3- Picture: Onyx At work - Crack Minecraft Accounts Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 -Update 3- Cracking Minecraft – mostly done with Java Tools – as they work on Linux and Windows. There are many different tools – DMC is probably the best. It got many features like checking if the accounts have a cape, minecon, hypixel stuff or badlion stuff. Picture: DMC Checker Also it has an implemented Proxy Grabber + Checker I use STORM for cracking Minecraft as it is pretty simple to get Alts, easy to understand, just loading my config and go. It's okay speed even with public proxies. Different Types of Minecraft Accounts: NFA → Non Factor Authorization Alts → Usually used as trash accounts to cheat on Combos type needed: EMAIL:PASS Tools you can use: DMC most likely, STORM Proxies needed: YES - Crack GTA V / Social Club Accounts Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 -Update 3- As Social Club / rockstargames has captcha security, cracking them directly is not possible / not effective. (Was but it's most likely patched since it was abused af) To get Social Club accounts people use All In One Checker to get Mail Access accounts and check for @rockstargames.com keywords. Then you login to the Mail Access account, go to rockstargames.com and request a password reset. That's it, easy and you got your account. Combo type needed: EMAIL:PASS (Mail Access) Tools you can use: All In One Checker Proxies needed: YES (see Mail Access cracking) Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 -Update 3- Picture: Social Club Password Reset Page – Captcha protected - Cracking Mega.nz Accounts (Cloud) Cracking Mega.nz Accounts is my most favourite cracking activity. It's like exploring random houses and you can do whatever you want. Also you don't need proxies for cracking mega, and it's fast even with free tools. However it needs CPU Performance since mega uses hashes to login and to generate them needs CPU Power. It can be also very profitable because some people store bitcoin wallets there, pictures of cards, girlfriend pictures, etc. etc. etc. What you can get: - Bitcoin, any crypto wallets - Private Nudes - Card pictures - Cracked Programs - Cracking stuff - Programming guides - Movies Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 -Update 3- - any stuff people store on their computer or clouds What tool I recommend: STORM CONFIG LINK: https://www.sendspace.com/file/st3gfx I basically recommend 3 tools. Tool number 1 is the Pepi Mega.nz Checker or STORM. It's a console Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 -Update 3- application and it's easy to use. Just paste your combo.txt in the folder and start the program. (Since there is a STORM config now, you rather use STORM since it's fast AF) When done or when you got enough hits we gonna scan through the hits file with a scanner which got capture function. I use the MegaChecker[byJayP] for this. Rename your hits file to combo.txt again and paste in the folder. Then you get a hits.txt file with capture. This means in the file you can search through the files of the cloud accounts. This is very nice so you don't have to login to every account and check what it contains. Also you can see how many gigabyte are used. Picture: Hits File from Mega.nz Checker by JayP You can also use only one checker (The Mega.nz Checker from Malex) but I personally don't like it. It has an GUI so it's easy to use. Combo type needed: EMAIL:PASS Tools you can use: Mega.nz Checker by Pepi, MegaChecker[byJayP], Mega.nz Checker by Malex Proxies needed: NO - Cracking Fortnite Accounts Since Fortnite is the most hyped game (or was) cracking Fortnite accounts is profitable. It's also easy and even working with public proxies with a decent speed. The most common tool people use, is again by X-Slayer. Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 -Update 3- Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 -Update 3- You can download it on his official homepage. Picture: Fortnite Checker by X-Slayer In the checker you can see if an account has an Payment done – if yes it means the account has probably vBucks or Skins or Save the World Mode – pretty dope. Combo type needed: EMAIL:PASS Tools you can use: Fortnite Checker by X-Slayer Proxies needed: YES – Keep cracked accounts for life Step 1 - Log in to the cracked account Step 2 - Download Cookies Editor extension for Chrome here Step 3 - Go to the homepage of the cracked account website Step 4 - Click on the extension at the top of the search bar on the right https://imgur.com/a/e2Xb93S Step 5 - Click on export https://imgur.com/a/O3jXw5L Step 6 - Past the cookies in a txt file WHEN THE OWNER OF ACCOUNT CHANGED THE PASSWORD Step 1 - Copy the cookies from your txt files Step 2 - Click on the extension at the top of the search bar on the right https://imgur.com/a/e2Xb93S Step 3 - Click on import https://imgur.com/a/JQCdDN7 Step 4 - Past your cookies and click Done Step 5 – Refresh – How to Generate Netflix Gift Cards 1. Go to https://www.randomcodegenerator.com/en/generate-codes 2. Enter the amount of codes you want to gen. Click on 'Generate Using Pattern' 3. This is an example of a Netflix GC code: LEQ5B390282 . All codes (as far as I know) start with LEQ, and are 11 digits long in length. In the code pattern field, enter LEQ9X999999 X represents a random letter, and 9 represents a random number from 1-9. You can edit the pattern as you wish, but all the giftcards I've bought and checked follow that pattern. Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 -Update 3- 4. Untick the exclude characters box 5. Select your output method (Txt etc) 6. Click generate my codes - How to Upgrade your own Spotify account Requirements 1 Spotify cracked account with a Family subscription ; 1 Spotify CLEAN account : You must never subscribed to anything, not even the FREE trial ; Access to both email adresses ; Method Log-in Spotify through the cracked account. Then, follow this : https://support.spotify.com/dk/account_p...count_help /change-email-address/ When your new email address is set, click on change password and ask for a new password. Change the password. Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 -Update 3- TIPS : Do not change anything, do private navigation and you will have you account for years. - Cracking Resources (Tools etc.) Here some cracking resources: X-SLAYER official page: https://xslayer404.blogspot.com Nulled.to Forum: https://nulled.to STORM website: https://stormapp.org (Closed) But you could download it Here Pass; thestorm.app SNIPR website: https://snipr.gg My cracking pack posted on nulled.to 5th May 2018: https://www.sendspace.com/file/2jep42 Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 -Update 3- KeywordCreator coded by me: https://www.sendspace.com/file/zdb7n5 - Cracking configs 464 STORM Ultimate Configs Pack [Updated 04.22.2019] Here 1500 BB Ultimate Configs Pack [Updated 04.22.2019] Here 1500 SentryMBA Ultimate Configs Pack [Updated 04.01.2019] Here 269 SNIPR Configs PACK [Updated 04.01.2019] Here Thanks to @Jurrasic on Nulled for these configs pack, he said he will keep them updated and he gave me the right to use them. Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 -Update 3- Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 -Update 3- Gathering Proxies - Usage of Proxy Scrapers Video Tutorial Link: https://streamable.com/pwf2v There are many Proxy Scrapers out there. But what is a proxy scraper? A proxy scraper collects all proxies from a site and saves them with IP:PORT format, so you can use them for your checker. Why are proxy scrapers useful? You don't have to note down every proxy manually, also it can mass collect from many links at the same time, so you get fast many proxies. - Tools used to grab proxies Video Tutorial Link: https://streamable.com/pwf2v Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 -Update 3- The probably most known tool is GatherProxy. Picture: It has many features like scraping proxies, checking them, filtering them etc. Another good tool people use is uProxy. Picture: Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 -Update 3- It's a very popular tool for checking and scraping proxies There was also an 1€ Proxy tool on nulled, some people said it's nice but I didn't try it myself. Checker only: socksproxychecker.com (very nice checker) - Proxy Sources Video Tutorial Link: https://streamable.com/4k6bh There are many nice sites, which give you fresh proxies everyday. Here im gonna list some: VIP Socks Proxies – Everyday VIP Socks Proxies http://www.vipsocks24.net/ Live Socks Proxies – Everday Socks Proxies http://www.live-socks.net/ ProxyServerList24 – Everyday HTTP(s) Proxies http://www.proxyserverlist24.top/ Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 -Update 3- ProxyDB – Proxies of all types + Proxy Tools http://proxydb.net/ ProxyScrap Proxies of all type updated always https://proxyscrape.com/free-proxy-list - Websites to buy HQ Proxies Video Tutorial Link: https://streamable.com/sxg5w There are many sites offering proxies – many with incredible prices. Affordable Providers are: • fineproxies – Prob the best and most famous • ProxyRack Hashes - What is a hash? So what is a hash and why do we need to know something about hashes? We need to know about hashes, because passwords in databases are most likely hashed. Services use cryptological hash functions to encrypt passwords. Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 -Update 3- Every password or every string – whatever has an special hash. There can't be 2 strings which have the same hash. That's why also many virus scan websites use hashes for the files – so people can compare them and check if the file they got is the same which got scanned – since every hash exists only 1 time. Hashes can NOT be decrypted – but since every string has a individual hash they can be compared with wordlists. For example lets say we hash the string 'Hello123' in MD5. The result is: D0AABE9A362CB2712EE90E04810902F3 Now if we check an database and find a user with the same hash, we know his password is Hello123. - Different types of hashes There are some kind of hashes. Here im going to give you info about the most important hashes. When stealing databases, the most common hash is MD5. Next to MD5, MD2, MD4 also exist. Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 -Update 3- Another very popular hash 'category' is SHA aka Secure Hash Algorithm. There are many different kinds from SHA-1 to SHA- 512. Not common hash functions are: RIPEMD-160, Tiger, HAVAL, Whirlpool There are also special hash functions which were created for password hashing. Those make the hashing process extremly handy to prevent brute force attacks. List of those for password hashing designed functions: - LM-Hash - PBKDF2 - Bcrypt -Scrypt - Find type of a certain hash If you got a hash, and wanna find out which type of hash it is, we are going to use this website: http://md5decrypt.net/en/HashFinder/ Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 -Update 3- This website gonna tell you, which hash type it could be, making it easier for you to find out the hash type. Most of the time it's the most common hash type from the results you get there. - Best way to 'decrypt' a single hash Since you can't decrypt hashes, you have to compare them with a wordlist / hash database. First of all you have to find out what hash type your hash is. If you found it out, then we going to use this page to check if the hash is available in a wordlist / hash database: http://md5decrypt.net/en/ - If you wanna decrypt a MD5 hash http://md5decrypt.net/en/Md4/ - If you wanna decrypt a MD4 hash http://md5decrypt.net/en/Sha1/ - If you wanna decrypt a SHA-1 hash http://md5decrypt.net/en/Sha256/ - If you wanna decrypt a SHA-256 hash Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 -Update 3- http://md5decrypt.net/en/Sha384/ - If you wanna decrypt a SHA-384 hash http://md5decrypt.net/en/Sha512/ - If you wanna decrypt a SHA-512 hash - How to 'unhash' whole combos Unhashing whole combos is a nice thing to know since nowadays most likely all databases store passwords hashed. To unhash whole combo files we got from SQLi Dumper, we are going to use the tool hashcat. You can download it for free here: https://hashcat.net/hashcat/ When you finished downloading it, you are going to download a big wordlist which we are going to use to brute force the hashes. The wordlist is going to contain most used passwords. Basically hashcat is using the wordlist to generate hashes, compare them and replace with the 'unhashed' password. Wordlist Sources: http://weakpass.com/ Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 -Update 3- https://github.com/danielmiessler/SecLis...r/Password s So when you downloaded the wordlist you put your combo in the hits.txt (into the HashCat folder) and then u drag your wordlist onto the hashcat application. It will open an CMD window and you can see the hashes are getting cracked. You can also launch hashcat with special settings by opening cmd and cd-ing to the folder and typing hashcat64 or hashcat32. -help to see all available options. Other methods to crack combolists are online hash crackers which use online hash 'decrypt' apis to compare the hashes. You can use this method too. Get your (own) combos - SQLi Dumper SQLi Dumper – the most famous tool people use to dump Databases Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 -Update 3- to use them as combos. The tool uses google to find websites with DORKS. Then it scans the found websites for SQL vulnerabilities – If a vuln is found it exploits the site and you can dump the Database. Pretty easy. Picture: SQLi Dumper v8.5 I would recommend to watch a youtube video – they are very detailed mostly and you can see how they work. Since it's its pretty easy to use you probably gonna be able to do it with this tutorial only too: 1. Paste your dorks and Start the scanner – it starts looking for Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 -Update 3- websites with google etc. (Make sure you have google passed proxies 2. When you got some, you can cancel if you want and then go to Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 -Update 3- exploitable tab and start scanning for exploitables 3. When done – or if you want it to be done you can cancel it again of course – we continue with the injectables tab 4. Click Start Analizer there then. 5. If you got some – select all and click search columns, then we search for emails 6. When you get results, you can check how many emails / pass Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 -Update 3- whatever lines are available, right click the url you wanna dump then in the list or in search results and click „Go to Dumper“ 7. It opens an dumper instance 8. When opened, click get databases / dump data if available 9. It loads all available databases and their columns in the left box, check the email and password columns and press export data 10. The export window opens – check the email (Or username if you want username : pass combo) and password columns again – select plain text format and custom char should be : (because we want it combo format) Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 -Update 3- 11. Done! Things you need: ● Dorks ● (Google passed proxies) ● Time - Dorks What are Dorks and for what we use them? Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 -Update 3- Dorks are strings used for google search requests. We basically use Dorks to scan through the web using Google. Our target is to find SQL injection vulnerable websites from which we can dump the databases to use it later as a combo. We have 3 ways to get dorks. 2 not special ways and 1 special one. The secret is all 3 ways are easy to do. The first method is leeching dorks off from nulled or any other cracking forum, or pastebin or youtube. There are many places where you can get dorks. This way also contains buying dorks, as you are able to buy dorks, since some people who are 'specialized' on making dorks, offer them. The second method is using a dork generator. The most famous dork generator is Work with Dorks / Dork Generator by John Doe though nowadays people advise you to use TSP Dork Generator. The third method is handwriting dorks. It's the best and how users say 'most hq' method, as when you are handwriting your dorks, you are Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 -Update 3- able to write really specific google search queries, which may get you the combo you need. Normal dorks just give you results from random websites which you can dump and use as combos but handwritten advanced dorks target the sites you want to dump. Example of dorks: accinfo.php?cartId= acclogin.php?cartID= add.php?bookid= add_cart.php?num= addcart.php? addItem.php inurl:shop.php?id= inurl:“gallery.php?id=“ + allintext:“fortnite“ add-to-cart.php?ID= Where to get dorks? Since you are probably lazy, you don't wanna handwrite dorks yourself or generate them yourself. Here some places where you are able to get dorks: https://www.nulled.to/forum/188-dorks/ Nulled Dorks Section https://pastebin.com/search?q=dorks Pastebin Search YouTube, all kinds of cracking forums. How to create dorks using an Dork Generator There are many dork generators out there. The most used and most famous ones, been the Dork Generators by John Doe. People nowadays use the TSP Dork Generator though. Download Link: https://anonfile.com/F7T7A8ecb5/9.0.rar Im going to show you how to use that one. So first of all we are going to launch it – im using version 9.0. After launch we are going to check the Info Tab so we know the meaning of each variable. KW is the Keyword you are searching for PT is the Pagetype you are looking for | Example: PF is the Pageformat | Example: .asp, .html, .php etc. SF is Search function → Google Operators we wanna use. (If you wanna know what Google Operators are go to the Handwriting Dorks Part) DE Domain extention | Example: .de .us .com etc. My favourite feature is, you are able to create your own presets. You decide which domains you want to look for and can save it as a preset. Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 -Update 3- Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 -Update 3- You can do that for every variable which is pretty nice. So this tool is basically already perfectly configured for you, you can just choose which domains you want and then after inserting your keywords you can start creating the dorks. Keywords are basically your search terms. For example: fortnite Free games battle royale etc. etc. If you managed your preferences and inserted your wished keywords you can start generating. The file with your generated dorks will be saved in the same folder where your TSP exe is. Handwriting dorks Most of the people think handwriting dorks is a shit hard thing to do – If im being honest I thought the same but then I been looking into it a bit and since I already knew some google operators (cuz of google hacking) I realized shit is actually easy af. You just need to understand it. So first of all Im going to explain you what a google operator is. Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 -Update 3- Google Operators are special strings which make your search request more advanced. The most common google operator is: 'inurl:' You probably are asking yourself now 'So what does this inurl: operator thingy do??' As you can see in the picture I provided, it basically checks if a certain string exists in the URL of the website and gives us the results we need. So what we know already: - Google Operators make us life easier by providing us more advanced search methods we can use to make our search queries more targeted So there are many other google operators which we can use. You can look up the most important google search operators also here: https://www.searchenginejournal.com/goog...-operators- commands/215331/ Or the complete list: https://ahrefs.com/blog/google-advanced-...operators/ Here I am going to list the most useful google operators and for what we are using them. How to search for specific strings / text / keywords in the website URL: inurl: Most used search operator Makes it able to search for one or many things in website URLs. For example you want to look for websites who have gallery id and page in their URL you can use: inurl:“gallery.php“ + “id=“ + “page=“ Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 -Update 3- Search for things in website titles: intitle: Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 -Update 3- Very useful to target a group of things. Used if you want certain Text in the title of the website Example, intitle:"best game of 2019" will return URLs with the following term in the title of the website. allintitle: Inaccurate version of the intitle Operator. Useful to target a group of things. Search for things in websites text: intext: My personal favourite operator. Used if you want to target pages which contain certain text / keywords. allintext: Searches whole website for certain text. Inaccurate so it's not recommended but I still like it. Scrape search results from search engines on certain pages: allinurl: With that operator you are able to search results with search pages from other websites. Since it can be very inaccurate not recommended. Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 -Update 3- Get results from certain keywords which are being linked to other pages / text: inanchor: Results you websites which are being linked to with specific anchor keywords. Example: inanchor:“weed hash“ Is going to give you inbound links, which are connected to the keywords you provided. allinanchor: Basically the same as inanchor but only results you websites which contain ALL text / keywords you provided. So basically handwriting dorks is using those advanced google search queries with the help of those nice google search operators to specify your google search to get better results for SQLi Dumper. - Pastebin Slayer / Slayer Leecher Another method – a pretty easy but shitty one – is using Pastebin Slayer or the Slayer Leecher. Most of the newcomers use it to get combos, but I really dont recommend it – because people dont post hq stuff on Pastebin anymore → Shitty combos. Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 -Update 3- If you still wanna use it – start the program, insert your keywords and it scans pastebin for Combos, parses it and then ez profit!! Keywords should be search terms for stuff you need (E.g. Minecraft Alts) If you need some keywords here you have some: (You can add stuff like 100k user:pass and stuff for example) Also you can download my Keyword Creator tool for free on Nulled! It's very easy to use! user:pass email:pass steam hacked mega.nz hacked email list password list combolist minecraft email:pass minecraft hacked yahoo hacked 1m email:pass @Yahoo.com @hotmail.com @gmail.com @aliceadsl.fr @citromail.hu @Mail.ru @Free.fr @zoho.com @aol.com @Yandex.com @Yeah.net @interia.pl @orange.fr @wanadoo.fr @op.pl @Club-internet.fr @QIP.ru @noos.fr @pisem.ne @numericable.fr @t-online.de @vtomske.ru @tiscali.it @virgilio.it @Bol.com.br @163.com @t-online.de @freenet.de @zoho.com @Mail.ru @Live.ru @gmx.de @InboX.lv @comcast.net 100k Combo Email:Pass Combo Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 -Update 3- Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 -Update 3- Keep yourself safe - Hide your identity There are many retarded people on the internet – dropping randomly doxes, trying to troll you, being assholes, the usual things. Also there are cops in the internet. There is one golden rule: Never tell people more about yourself, than needed. Some people probably already read the anonymous handbook. If you really wanna hide your identity fully there are some things you have to do: ● Do not tell your gender ● Do not post pictures of yourself ● Use a fake name, address, country and shit ● Do not tell people what time it is for you – They can find out in which countries you may be in – because of timezones ● Always use a non log VPN when using services which are not connected to your real life. You can have 2 identities. ● Dont be stupid, and be like „Ya, I have birthday today :333“ and leak your date of birth.. ● Do not use usernames like „marcel09051999“, use „dark_inj3ct0r_1337“ which dont leak private data ● NEVER use the same password at different sites! - Usage of VPN + Possible IP Leaks To hide our real IP Address, we use a VPN. usernames like Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 -Update 3- VPN stands for Virtual Private Network, we basically connect to a server, all traffic is encrypted and the server forwards our request to the website – with a different IP. Now that's pretty cool huh? The problem is some VPN providers save logs on their servers. So if the feds contact them, they will be like 'You need data? - Sure no problem friends' and they hand your IP + things you did to the feds – We don't want that of course, so we have to use a No Log VPN like NordVPN. There are some good providers, find yourself the one you like. Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 -Update 3- Also make sure your VPN protects IP Leak possibilities like WebRTC leaks or DNS Leaks. What are WebRTC leaks? WebRTC is used for example for calling people, livestreaming, file transfer, etc. which can leak your IP. That's why many people catch your IP through Skype or Steam call or whatever. - Make sure your VPN doesnt leak your IP by checking a site like http://www.vpninsights.com/webrtc-leak-test - If WebRTC is enabled – Turn it off. What are DNS Leaks? A dns leak is, when your VPN doesnt route all the traffic through the VPN server, because the computer uses the default DNS Settings. To check if you are exposed by this leak go to https://www.dnsleaktest.com/ - Special Privacy Browsers There are some special privacy browsers. Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 -Update 3- Some change your user agent, some got a inbuild proxy, and then theres also TOR, routing you through a few servers with the onion principe – but we come to that later. Privacy interested Users you can use: Anti Detect → Spoofs User Agent etc. (Crack available) Epic Privacy Browser [Free] → Inbuild Proxy Feature TOR [Free] → Onion Principe + .onion access + JavaScript and Plugins Block To be extra secure use those Browsers with NordVPN of course! - Viruses and Files Handling There are many files on forums and in general many viruses. There are some steps you can do to be secure. 1. Always scan files you downloaded at virustotal.com → NEVER SCAN THE RAR OR ZIP !! You have to scan the exe file! 2. Run programs you dont trust in Sandboxie or Virtual Machine – Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 -Update 3- always! 3. The best antivirus is your brain! Don't run random shit which you don't trust. If you think you are not able to do that, then get an antivirus like BitDefender or Malwarebytes. 4. Reverse engineer programs → You can decompile some programs using ILSpy, to see their source code if you have last doubts about it - File Encryption + File Deletion To be safe, you keep files you don't want feds or others to see in an encrypted container. This sounds harder to do as it is, actually it is pretty easy. 1. Download Veracrypt here: https://archive.codeplex.com/?p=veracrypt 2. Install it, and open it up, then press create Volume, as we wanna create a container 3. Select normal container, we don't need a hidden one, then select any file you dont need, or create a txt file with any name and select it, we gonna overwrite that one with our container 4. You can leave the default settings (AES + SHA512) as it is already really strong and NSA proof 5. Select your container size 6. Type your password | NOTE: TAKE A VERY GOOD PASSWORD! A not brutefoce – able one, feel free to use a password generator. Password example: D4NwuWPE5wuwX!MGIh%21A03U0A&PzZQlJf@wsf6CRjQbS7pNx' 1baM 7. Jitter a bit with your mouse, that randomness is max and then format – and you're done, after that you just select a slot (e.g. A:) and mount your file and access the container like a normal drive on your PC Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 -Update 3- Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 -Update 3- Also, when deleting files on windows, you can easily restore them. We don't want that, so we use a program like Secure Eraser. Download: http://secure-eraser.com/ It deletes the file after overwriting it 7 times, or max 30 times so even special programs cant restore them. - Usage of Sandboxie and Virtual Machines To keep your real pc safe, as we don't want unneed viruses, we use Sandboxie or a Virtual Machine. What you can do with Sandboxie? – Control File Access from program – Control Internet Access – Control Registry Access – Control Command Access (Deletion, etc.) Advantages: – See what programs want to do – Don't let them change things you don't want to get changed What you can do with a Virtual Machine and how does it work? A virtual machine is basically a computer on your computer. As you Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 -Update 3- don't want to spend money on a virtual pc, you use a windows copy and activate with a default key or linux. Why we use a virtual machine? – Running programs safely, without risk of damages to the real pc – Testing viruses – Running programs, which only work for example on Linux – Using another OS, for example people use Kali Linux on VMs, so they can easily use the tools in the background How to create a virtual machine? 1. Get a program for virtual machines → I use VMWare – you can also use any other program 2. Create a virtual machine → Set the system OS and manage preferences of the virtual machine for example ram usage 3. Run the virtual machine and setup the OS 4. Use it - Usage of TOR For sure you already heard about TOR. TOR is a program which hides your IP behind many servers with the onion principe. TOR is also a browser which provides you safety by disabling plugins and javascript because javascript can fuck you up. Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 -Update 3- With TOR you can access the Darknet, where you can find special forums, darkboards, buy drugs, weapons, all kinds of illegal things, watch illegal vids, etc. I hardly recommend not to explore it alone if you fear evil things etc. - Account Security Account Security is a thing which most people just don't care about. That's the most common problem why people use their accounts. Here the rules to keep your account safe: – Always use good passwords or generated ones – Never store your passwords in text files – Never share your passwords. Not even your best friend should have your password. – Use Email 2FA or phone 2FA (2 Factor Authorization – Code is being sent to your email address or phone and you have to confirm it's really you – Always check the URL you are using – make sure it isn't a fake page (Check the URL for spelling mistakes for example L and not i OR àdidas.com etc. - You know what I mean) – Check the https certificate – Have an antivirus installed, which keeps you save from Keyloggers Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 -Update 3- Making profit out of cracking - How to sell your accounts Im going to show you some very nice ways to get rid of your accounts and make money with them. The rule #1 is: Do NOT tell people (except you sell on a cracking forum or you sell greedy people who don't care), that the accounts are cracked! - I mean – would you buy a cracked account? Of course not! Method #1: Selling on cracking forums I think you all know this method, it's easy and you most likely won't get scammed if you trade with verified people there. You register or if you are already registered you just create a thread in the selling section of the forum. Things to keep in mind: - Make sure the thread looks good, if you're able to make a nice looking Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 -Update 3- thread design with photoshop etc. - Keep your prices low – it's a cracking forum and there is most likely ALWAYS competition - Be friendly to customers so they recommend you! - You can provide vouch copies (people get something for free from your things, and they leave an detailed review of your product (Can be very useful) Method #2: Selling on discord Discord is nowadays probably the most used chat after Facebook / WhatsApp. Especially for gamers etc. People on discord mostly don't know about cracking etc. You can easily find people who are interested in cheap accounts, because who does not want things for cheap? Just join big communities or ask some friends if they know people or communities – then dm people there and ask if they need [Account type your selling] for a cheaper price / your price. If they are interested make sure they go first – so you don't get scammed – or use a middleman – and boom – easy good profit since people don't know about cracking there. Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 -Update 3- Many people use discord to sell fortnite accounts and I think discord is the best way nowadays to sell your accounts. Method #3: Selling via Twitter, Instagram, etc. Social networks are always good places to sell your accounts. However I think twitter is the best choice. I know many people who used to sell there, and they had lot of buyers and made great money. Usually they upload a list of their prices and available accounts to pastebin / hastebin / ghostbin, whatever and keep the link in their bio. To grow their followerbase and reach more people they do giveaways like retweet giveaways, first retweets, follow those people etc. This always works good and I did it myself and easily gained fast followers. Make sure people who won in your giveaways or bought accounts post noscam tweets so more people trust you and you make more money. Also you can work together with giveaway pages so they promote your shop / your twitter page. Very good deal. Method #4: Opening an account generator Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 -Update 3- Account generators always been a thing. It's even easy to do because there are many tutorials online and on youtube. This method works perfectly together with the method #3 (Twitter). You can promote your account generator there to gain more buyers. You should keep your prices under 25€ / $ so it's not to expensive. You should decide yourself if you wanna offer lifetime, however you have to remember it's not a good business modell. Account generators can get you very much money, I know people who had some and made in total 7k+€ in 3 months which is pretty dope in my opinion. Also again you can work together with giveaway pages on twitter because many of them fancy account generators. - Link Monetization Link Monetization is a way which doesn't give you much money, but it can get you at least some money. You simply post things in groups / forums which people want – you don't even have to post real content, just make sure your adf.ly link or any money site link is working and post it there. Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 -Update 3- If people click it, they see ads and you get money for people clicking it – easy money and it's even legal! - Avoid getting scammed Scamming can be pretty useful for you – however it's annoying if you get scammed yourself. To make sure you don't get scammed here are some tips: - Always use an middleman if someone doesn't want to go first Made by Psych0path© With Love 2019 -Update 3- - Don't trade with someone who seems suspicous - Don't open files from someone you don't trust - Make sure people pay you with bitcoin – if you make them pay with paypal they can just refund the money – you don't want this of course - Check the reputation of the person you're trading with - Check the profile and info about the person you're trading with - Look for reviews from other buyers to see if the seller is legit or not
